assalamu alaikum and welcome to titli's
busy kitchen with me titli nihaan
most people have heard of chinese hot
and sour soup but have you ever tried
Thai hot and sour soup well it's about
time you did for the Thai hot and sour
soup I've got 200 grams of peeled prawns
the juice of a lime and the grated rind
of a lime a tablespoon of Thai fish
sauce 1 green chili which I've Dee
seeded and chopped 2 teaspoons of
lemongrass paste if you can get fresh
lemongrass that's better and 2 kaffir
lime leaves these have a wonderful
fragrance a girl needs her fish stock in
this pan you can use chicken stock too
and I'm going to add in the grated rind
of the lime the chili the kaffir lime
leaves and the lemongrass stir it around
bring it to the boil when it comes to
the boil cover and simmer gently for 20
minutes after 20 minutes strain the soup
into a bowl pour a soup into a clean pan
adding the fish sauce and the lime juice
put the zoom back on the stove and bring
it to the boil when the soup comes to
the boil add in the thorns and simmer
gently for two minutes
garnish with thinly sliced red chili
spring onion and coriander Thai hot and
sour soup is a serious soup for those
who like their soup really spicy try the
total if you dare and join me next time
in titli's busy kitchen with me titli
nihaan until next time
Huda happy